Stop
Go down this trash is crazy
Totally crazy
Li Xuan
I thought that after the fall of the Li family
At least you won't be affected by that family of trash
It will be a bit better
I didn't expect you to make no progress at all
And became the same as my useless dad
Same
The mistake you are making now
It's exactly the same as the old one
It's pure and hopelessly pure
It makes all the idiots in the world
All protect the purity of the mother's heart
You think right and wrong in your heart
Evil is bigger than the sky
Do you think the behavior of your jumping clown
Can attract the attention of the god
Do you think God
Handsome will become you trash
Are you against us?
Do you think I can't tell that this handwriting is yours?
Can you fool others into fooling me?
Ah, good.
Since today is for you to learn a lot
I might as well be generous for once
Open your eyes
The wedding reception is about to begin
I invite the prince
I also want the Fourth Jade Emperor to come and help me
The boy can come tonight, and the big task is here
I see how arrogant you are
I don't think he's being arrogant here, right?
It's about how he was beaten to death
There's really no one to help us now.
Well, since everyone's here
Let's do what needs to be done
From now on
Return to the throne